Examples: office in a Sentence. 1 a : a special duty, charge, or position conferred by an exercise of governmental authority and for a public purpose : a position of authority to exercise a public function and to receive whatever emoluments may belong to it. b : a position of responsibility or some degree of executive authority.
Office  365 is a subscription service that ensures you always have the most up-to-date modern productivity tools from Microsoft. There are Office  365 plans for home and personal use, as well as for small and midsized businesses, large enterprises, schools, and non-profits.
aw-fis, of-is See more synonyms for office on Thesaurus.com. noun. a room, set of rooms, or building where the business of a commercial or industrial organization or of a professional person is conducted: the main office of an insurance company; a doctor's office.
Microsoft Office 2019 is the current version of Microsoft Office, a productivity suite, succeeding Office  2016.It was released to general availability for Windows 10 and for macOS on September 24, 2018. Some features that had previously been restricted to Office  365 subscribers are available in this release.
The Office is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from March 24, 2005, to May 16, 2013, lasting nine seasons.[1] It is an adaptation of the original BBC series of the same name and was adapted for American television by Greg Daniels, a veteran writer for Saturday Night Live, King of the Hill, and The Simpsons. It was co-produced by Daniels' Deedle-Dee Productions, and Reveille Productions (later Shine America), in association with Universal Television. The original executive producers were Greg Daniels, Howard Klein, Ben Silverman, Ricky Gervais, and Stephen Merchant, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons. 
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. To simulate the look of an actual documentary, it was filmed in a single-camera setup, without a studio audience or a laugh track. The series debuted on NBC as a midseason replacement and aired 201 episodes over the course of its run. The Office initially featured Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, and B. J. Novak as the main cast; the series experienced numerous changes to its ensemble cast during its run. Notable stars outside the original main cast include Ed Helms, Mindy Kaling, and Ellie Kemper. 
The Office was met with mixed reviews during its first season, but the following four seasons received widespread acclaim from television critics. These seasons were included on several critics' year-end top TV series lists, winning several awards such as a Peabody Award in 2006, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Golden Globe Award for Carell's performance, and four Primetime Emmy Awards, including one for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2006. Later seasons were criticized for a decline in quality, with many seeing Carell's departure in season seven as a contributing factor. However, earlier writers oversaw the final season and ended the series' run with a positive reception. The series finale was viewed by an estimated 5.69 million viewers, preceded by an hour-long series retrospective. 
Jump to search Microsoft Office Microsoft Office 365 desktop applications, from top left to bottom right: Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook   Developer(s) Microsoft  Initial release November 19, 1990; 28 years ago (1990-11-19)   Stable release  Microsoft Office 2019 Operating system Microsoft Windows  Standard(s) Office Open XML (ISO/IEC 29500)  Available in 102 languages List of languages Full (43): English, Arabic, Basque, Bulgarian, Catalan,  Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, French, Galician, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kazakh, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay (Latin), Norwegian Bokm?l, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Serbian (Latin, Serbia), Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Partial (48): Afrikaans, Albanian, Amharic, Armenian, Assamese, Azerbaijani (Latin), Bangla (Bangladesh), Bangla (Bengali India),  Belarusian, Bosnian (Latin),  Dari, Filipino, Georgian, Gujarati, Icelandic, Irish, Kannada, Khmer, KiSwahili, Konkani, Kyrgyz, Luxembourgish, Macedonian (FYRO Macedonia ), Malayalam, Maltese, Maori, Marathi, Mongolian (Cyrillic), Nepali, Norwegian Nynorsk, Odia, Persian (Farsi), Punjabi (Gurmukhi), Quechua, Scottish Gaelic, Serbian (Cyrillic, Bosnia & Herzegovina), Serbian (Cyrillic, Serbia), Sindhi (Arabic), Sinhala, Tamil, Tatar (Cyrillic), Telugu, Turkmen (Latin), Urdu, Uyghur, Uzbek (Latin), Valencian, Welsh Proofing only (11): Hausa, Igbo, isiXhosa, isiZulu, Kinyarwanda, Pashto, Romansh, Sesotho sa Leboa, Setswana, Wolof, Yoruba   Type Office suite  License Trialware, volume licensing or SaaS  Website office.com  Microsoft Office for Mac Microsoft Office 2016 for Mac apps from top left to bottom right: Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook Developer(s) Microsoft Initial release August 1, 1989; 29 years ago (1989-08-01) Stable release 2016 Operating system macOS Classic Mac OS (discontinued) Available in 16 languages List of languages  English, Arabic, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian (Bokm?l), Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Spanish, Swedish   Type Office suite  License Proprietary commercial software (retail, volume licensing, SaaS)  Website www.office.com  Microsoft Office is a family of client software, server software, and services developed by Microsoft. It was first announced by Bill Gates on August 1, 1988, at COMDEX in Las Vegas. Initially a marketing term for an office suite (bundled set of productivity applications), the first version of Office contained Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft PowerPoint. Over the years, Office applications have grown substantially closer with shared features such as a common spell checker, OLE data integration and Visual Basic for Applications scripting language. Microsoft also positions Office as a development platform for line-of-business software under the Office Business Applications brand. On July 10, 2012, Softpedia reported that Office is used by over a billion people worldwide.
Show off your personal style with an easy shelf set display. There¡¯s a variety of sizes, finishes & colors to pick from. Since wall shelf sets come with 2 or more shelves, there¡¯s no guesswork involved & decorating your wall is just a few simple steps away.
5 product ratings - 3pcs Corner Shelf Floating Wall Shelves Mount Book CD Storage Display Home Decor. $10.29. or Best Offer. Free Shipping. 353 Sold 353 Sold. Wood Wall Mount Shelf Display Floating Nesting Decorative Storage Shelves White. Brand New. $6.69 to $15.99. Buy It Now.
The Con-Tact Grip Prints Non-Adhesive Shelf Liner is a decorative and functional liner with a non-slip grip bottom and smooth vinyl top. Perfect for use in every room in the home or office to help keep shelves, drawers and work surfaces clean.
Shelf is always a noun, and shelve is always a verb.When you shelve something, you put it on a shelf. The main definitions of the noun are (1) a horizontal surface supported by a vertical structure and used to store things, (2) a layer of ice or bedrock, and (3) something that resembles a shelf.The verb, shelve, means (1) to put somethingon a shelf, (2) to set aside, or (3) to slope gradually.